# **Welcome to my blog**

This is my first blog, and will be a learning exsperience for us.
The folowing topics are random and I hope you enjoy my first blog.

## Blog Idea 1: **MUSIC**
 
  I love music and music is my escape, well sometimes. Listening to music, unfortanelty does not always help my concentration with in a task, but most times, music gives me feeling of preparedness. I think most would agree, if you are that typical :muscle:**Gym Rat**,:mouse: you would beilieve that it is a ritual to bring some sort of music to listen while pumping iron. **True**, and if you are reading this and the previous statemnet is not true for you, then you are part of the selct few. However, music is a neccessary in my life for example, istead of waking up to a loud beeping alarm, wouldnt you rather wake up to your morning playlist. How about those long drives? Even if you are apart of the less fortanat few that does not have a life saving AUX cable in your car. You most likely have the radio pre-tuned to your favorite stations. What ever the case may be, Music is an oppurtunity to listen, just as you read your favorite blogs. You **listen** because it does something for you and music prepares me for my next step in all directions.
  
## Blog Idea 2: **Computing**
  
  Well it is **GitHub** (Learning-Lab) who is teaching me to create my first blog. I should mention some sort of coding and networking into this blog, right**???** So I will be brief b/c I would like to move onto the next learning activities in the Learning Lab and we all know that we could talk for years on this topic. We are all familiar with the tree of nodes:evergreen_tree: and :file_folder:directories; picture this, a tree and a folder are no diffrent than the blueprint to our selves. If we navigated to my root directory, you may be visted with my parrents. So let me change the directories here and navigate you to why I am interested with [GitHub](http://github.com). First and for most, I am old and slowly learning that our growing community does not care about age. I never would have thaught that I would see the day, when my grandmother learned how to scan a document with her smartphone and transmit such document to me. By the way, she grew up in a genration when the pen and paper was the primary means to a correspondece. Although, operating the most basic smartphone improves our way of living. Yet! we still see the older/millinial genrations struugling to find there place in this community. In addition, we see most seting there dreams way to high, thus we begin to believe in a unsucesfull belonging. Who dose not dream of working for one of the big one's??? I will not lie, when I decided to change my ocupation back in 2016, I had no idea to my future. I imeadilty navigated to my favorite search engine and I typed "Top Paying Jobs". Wah-La!!! Some form of computing science was in the top and I asked "my self why this one?" My responce then, "I like video games and my apps on my phone, **WoW!!!** (Looking closer into the monitor), that is allot of money. Computers are kool and I will be the next Zuck." Cliche right? Today, I am student trying to stay affloat in Coputer information Science (CIS "College of arts") major, I work for the school at minium wages witch happens not to cover cost of living or even tutition, I live in a overly priced studio basement with no sunlight, and I recently fell love with with the most beutiful woman in the world. I have obstacles in my path, but who dosent? Im old now and I've tasted life from all avenues. In the present, if I decided to repeat that same search from years ago, I would not change what I picked. I would have changed nothing, my irationtinality to obtain such a goal has led me into a new branch in my life. I believe that we grow from our decsions and its up to us to choose grow down or grow up. The topic to the idea for **Computing** allows me to keep myself learning and growing. In the early its of my life, I learned to surround myself with postive and like minded people. Moving this idea to the computing aspect of my life, leads to me recursivly improving my ability to success. So again, Why GitHUb? GitHub offers more than Version Control, Centeralized Loctaion, and collboration. It offers every one an opputunity to branch out and touch new chapters in there tree. 
  
## Blog **Conclusions**

  Finally, I finished two blogs that are the first topics that came to mind. I did type them up at work and I may have taken a couple hours to finish, but atleast I started something and completed it. Additionaly, Im going to leave everything un-eddited, un-spell checked, and let every one know that this is my free hand writting to what I belive is a blog. Maybe I should search for what entails a blog, but for now this is what we get. I felt a random feeling on Blog 1 and I feel Blog 2 could have been conveyed with more intrest to it title. One word to descibe this **"Rushed"**, I feel rushed b/c I'm interested to move to the next Lab. Lastly, last lab it requested me to delete the repository to move on. I just hope this is the case for this one.   
  
  
   
  
 


